ENH: Scroll to zoom (#30405)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/scroll_to_zoom.rst

Scroll-to-zoom in GUIs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When a plot manipulation tool (pan or zoom tool) in plot windows is selected,

> a mouse scroll operation results in a zoom towards the mouse pointer, keeping the

Author: ```suggestion
a mouse scroll operation results in a zoom focussing on the mouse pointer, keeping the
```
